Mr. Zhang, this is my family's special pastry
Would you like to try it?
Just leave it at the door, thank you.
Why are you so nervous every time you see me?
Is it because I don't look good?
Good-looking is good-looking
But not suitable
Jia Er girl
I'll take this cake
You'd better go back first
You saved my life.
I'll be yours from now on
What are you so timid for?
Is your sister in danger?
I'm only so scared now
What's wrong with Xiaoer?
There are bugs on the chief's side. I am most afraid of bugs
I'm about to dig and dare not go
That's all.
OK
Sister, don't pretend in front of me
Tell me if you caught this bug yourself
How could you and I possibly do such a thing?
Don't talk nonsense
Sister, don't pretend in front of me
Dress so sexy, you have another plan at a glance
But it's okay.
Not as good-looking as mine
You little rascal
You've been arguing with me about everything since you were a kid
You see I'm in love with a man now
Do you want to argue with me?
Why is Brother Shoucheng yours?
Brother Shoucheng
You were engaged to my sister
There was a couple.